Hello, everyone.
Welcome to the Phaser 3 RPG course.
In this course, we are going to build an RPG game
with Phaser 3, including several features.
First of all, we're going to use the Firebase framework
for authentication and online storage.
This way, we can authenticate players
with their Google account,
and save the progress during the game.
The game will have many of the common aspects of RPGs
such as NPCs, items, equipments, a pause screen,
and enemies to battle.
We're going to develop a turn-based battle system
with elements to select actions and targets.
Most of the assets used in this game
are from a pack called superpowers asset pack.
This pack is available through GitHub,
and it is under the Creative Commons Zero license,
which means you can use them in your own games.
Now, let's move to the next lessons,
where we are going to actually start building our game.